---
layout: page
title: PlaidCTF 2016
---

Team MediOGRE [@johnnysunshine](https://twitter.com/johnnysunshine) (your author) and [@cmihai](https://twitter.com/cmihai) finished #168 of 815 total teams, with 278 points of a possible 4392.

# Tonnere (200 points)

~~~~
We were pretty sure the service at tonnerre.pwning.xxx:8561 (source) was totally secure. But then we came across this website and now we're having second thoughts... We think they store the service users in the same database?" 
~~~~

We did not solve this challenge, however we were close. The challenge was two part. First leveraged SQLi to retrieve a user object from the database via the second link, which included a private key. The second part was to authenticate by signing a nonce given by the first link with the RSA like algorithm ( g^(shared key) % shared modulus ). We understood the algorithm, but could not write a decryption routine in the time alloted.


# Exponentiation is hard (50 points)

~~~~
pow(5519117190405, 2, 36620698197184150886934780417736785899286763272338791747362963184841801750327151112306249688251166942886661835559506975975707963993727412454531111131497522628925665187177482321006716251711989384331015718920870220319989803289027643830003689665702600492053982320351954323958550720798506779897617401364619613169464060947339101271843599172133534443261538683960602107804087030956000675854087181711124213887850946702876663207624764500658667089502719100806234117)
~~~~

The correct answer to this exponentiation is 30460654561423981024064025. The flag, however, refers to CVE-2015-3193, which is a bug in the amd64 assembly for the BN\_mod\_exp function, an integer overflow.

The solution was to compile a simple C app against one of the affected versions and calculate the exponent.

# plane\_site (75 points)

~~~~
What? You can't see the flag?
~~~~

An image is provided. The image is of the PPP logo, in black and white. The solution is to isolate the red channel.

# morset (50 points)

~~~~
A mysterious signal... can you decode it?

Running at morset.pwning.xxx:11821
~~~~

A challenge/response encoded in base36, and then translated to morse code.

# Untited-1.pdf (50 points)

~~~~
This PDF has a flag on it, but I can't find it... can you?
~~~~

The flag was found as a string in the pdf file metadata

# hevc  (50 points)

~~~~
Welcome to the future
~~~~

The link is an .mp4, and the flag was text, mirrored, in one of the frames.

# the stuff (50 points)

~~~~
Can you believe Ryan uses Bing?
~~~~

The file linked is a pcap, which contains several emails. One of which was an image file (MIME encoded) and another included a password. When the file was renamed to .zip, it was a valid, password encoded zip file, the password was from the other email.


# Conclusion

This was reportedly one of the most difficult CTFs of the year, and given family and work time constraints, I think our tiny team of two people did incredibly well. I look forward to next years
